[Music]
[Applause]
yeah yeah round tea some Schuster crash
game
yeah maybe you're fuckin I found common
man garden now I'm even not if you do
not a bit yeah
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
no came up man's nose looking from bison
I call kite now focusing in it
cam and know who is you saying about
what you call my daughter Missy the
fucking video recorder fucking rules
that's not funny Time magazine Nando's
now if I were a fuckin moron oh fuck man
throw fam as a key gets stuck on new
blood for his life man Rita look my name
on it no more so yoda yo-yo-yo-yo that
early there was a mathlete tasting much
water heater don't get is it I say the
catfish - unknown fun
so my fucking nose fuck that man
oh that man and I'm did it fun oh do it
that's a bigger man team fan so I'll
never see fun applause when I see it
once per annum arm came off fucking no
mom - I think of it
wait I rats as I say we're cooking any
no I'm on it oh right wait wait come on
I put a fucking pig over anything
the probable screen Akane will fit in my
warm o'clock mouth what you doing
brother the spoon probably family put
that much on it for me but you know I
make sure mention watching Dean clearly
one Rachel to all of the info I don't
even smallness by one - right right
let's go say why did whiskey flavor tiny
Iraqi my mouth very good oh come on
we're going okay I'm in a couch oh man
making my heart go to the love man not
sure I love it okay I owe ya kiddo oh
shit man was sick think I would know
fuck is always you never can you please
copy
oh shit let's go bed during fucking sake